When simulating less busy days, our program accurately captured the time and relative magnitude of queue backlog. <insert discussion of better figure>

But on particularly busier days, like the Thursday of week 9, our simulation failed spectacularly to match real world wait times. We hypothesize that the reason comes down to the simulator's simplified dequeue policy. During a busy period at the IPL, TA's examine the head of both queues (2 minute and 10 minute) when deciding which student to dequeue. The TA can make judgements about which queue looks longer, and can even see each queue's wait time. We expect that the TA's real-world policy for which student to service is built around minimizing wait time.

Our simulator's initial policy was much simpler; a TA thread would choose with customizable probability p to remove a student from the 2-minute queue, and we found that choosing p around 2/3 (2-minute queue students were twice as likely to be dequeued) produced plausible queue behavior, occasionally even in line with real-world data.

A revised policy aimed to keep each queue's individual wait time underneath customizable thresholds. Anecdotally, TA's tend to keep the 2-minute queue wait time  under 15 minutes and the 10-minute queue wait time under 40 minutes. Our current implementation (see appendix) uses this approach, but still fails to model current TA decision making.

Ultimately, while we were unable to capture the *current* TA dequeue policy, our tool should still be useful in determining a useful mandated policy. Part of what makes TAs unpredictable here is that they each enact their own policies, but if they were encouraged to follow a more uniform set of rules, queue behavior could become more simulatable and hence more predictable. Our final simulation implementation allows the customization of three parameters -- 2-minute queue random bias, 2-minute crisis threshold, and 10-minute crisis threshold -- but implementation of more features will likely be necessary before it provides a useful tool.

OTHER SHORTCOMINGS:
 - simulation time approximate
 - could be more precise about service time -- discuss queueing theory
